LeetCode 75 Questions
Welcome to the LeetCode 75 Questions repository! This repository contains solutions to the LeetCode 75 questions, a curated list of essential coding interview questions to help you prepare for technical interviews.

What's Included
Solutions to each of the LeetCode 75 questions in various programming languages such as Python, Java, C++, and more.
Explanation and analysis of each solution to help you understand the problem-solving approach.
Test cases and sample inputs to validate the correctness of the solutions.
Why LeetCode 75 Questions?
The LeetCode 75 questions are carefully selected to cover a wide range of topics and difficulty levels commonly encountered in coding interviews. By mastering these questions, you'll develop a solid foundation in algorithms and data structures, essential for acing technical interviews at top tech companies.

How to Use This Repository
Explore: Browse through the solutions and explanations provided for each question.
Practice: Attempt to solve the problems on your own before referring to the solutions.
Learn: Understand the thought process behind each solution and learn from the explanations provided.
Contribute: Feel free to contribute your own solutions or improvements to existing ones. Pull requests are welcome!
Folder Structure

Java/: Solutions implemented in Java.
C++/: Solutions implemented in C++.
Other_Languages/: Solutions implemented in other programming languages.
Getting Started
To get started, simply clone this repository to your local machine:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/leetcode-75-questions.git
Then, navigate to the folder containing the solutions in your preferred programming language and start exploring!

Contribution Guidelines
If you'd like to contribute to this repository, please follow these guidelines:

Fork the repository to your own GitHub account.
Create a new branch for your changes: git checkout -b feature/new-feature.
Make your changes and commit them: git commit -am 'Add new feature'.
Push to the branch: git push origin feature/new-feature.
Submit a pull request detailing your changes.
Credits
This repository is maintained by Antima mishra and contributions from the open-source community.

Support
If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvement, please feel free to open an issue or reach out to antimamishra113@gmail.com.

Happy coding!

Feel free to customize it further to fit your preferences and style!
